Refactoring Discussion
---


There are a few things we talked about today in terms of refactoring. The main thing is that we need to change a lot of the way the back-end works, and how we will store turtles.

Back-End
---

Right now we have a Command class that contains every single command a user can input. What we do is instantiate this command class with a reference to the turtle, and use reflection to grab the methods that match the commands that were input. We realized that this may not have been the best design, or even the most flexible one. What we are doing now is moving each method to be its own seperate class, and our reflection will now find classes rather than methods. 


Turtle 
---

With trying to implement multiple turtles, our original idea was to have a list of turtles. Instead we will implement the Composite design pattern, where we have an interface called Turtle, and a class called TurtleLeaf and TurtleGroup that implement that interface. That way, the command myTurtle.move() will work wherher myTurtle is an instance of TurtleLeaf or TurtleGroup

Command
---

Created thirty different Command classes that also act as nodes in the tree generated by the parser. Put recursive mechanism inside the node so that traversing the tree is encapsulated in the commands. Now, calling the run method on the root of the tree traverses the entire tree and returns the result as an object. Eliminated duplicated code between previous command and node classes to create cleaner and more encapsulated code base.

Front-end
---
- Cleaned up the initialization of Controller class, so that multiple tabs can be generated in a single stage. 
- Cousulted TA about our current design and discussed the way to move forward. It seems like there is a lot to be changed, especially with our module settings. We are still debating whether we should use mutiple modules because it is frustrating to configurate it correctly.
- Initialized View using its interface ViewAPI, an external API for View, to ensure we encapsulate the methods that can only be called internally.
